Define some messaging concepts for Cumulocity (#4789)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/glossary/d.md

{{< /c8y-details >}}

### Device topic {#device-topic}

A device topic is a [topic](#topic) used by a device connected to a [protocol adapter](#protocol-adapter).

> Typically, the topic will describe the type of data being sent and received by the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, the topic describes the type of data being sent and received by the device.
```

For example, a metering device connected to the [MQTT Service](#mqtt-service) publishes messages on topics `meters/123456/current` and `meters/123456/temperature`.

> The naming and meaning of device topics is specific to the device type, protocol, and the application using the devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The naming and meaning of device topics is specific to the device type, protocol, and the application using the devices.

```
